com/evgeny_m/postman/databinding/FragmentPhotoBottomSheetBinding.java
 com.evgeny_m.postman.databinding.FragmentPhotoBottomSheetBinding
com/evgeny_m/postman/databinding/FragmentSettingsBinding.java
 com.evgeny_m.postman.databinding.FragmentSettingsBinding
com/evgeny_m/postman/data/room/UserDatabase_Impl.java
 com.evgeny_m.postman.data.room.UserDatabase_Impl
 com.evgeny_m.postman.data.room.UserDatabase_Impl$1
com/evgeny_m/postman/databinding/FragmentSingleChatBinding.java
 com.evgeny_m.postman.databinding.FragmentSingleChatBinding
com/evgeny_m/postman/databinding/NavHeaderBinding.java
 com.evgeny_m.postman.databinding.NavHeaderBinding
com/evgeny_m/postman/databinding/ItemUserChatBinding.java
 com.evgeny_m.postman.databinding.ItemUserChatBinding
com/evgeny_m/postman/databinding/FragmentChangeBioBinding.java
 com.evgeny_m.postman.databinding.FragmentChangeBioBinding
com/evgeny_m/postman/data/room/ContactsDao_Impl.java
 com.evgeny_m.postman.data.room.ContactsDao_Impl
 com.evgeny_m.postman.data.room.ContactsDao_Impl$1
 com.evgeny_m.postman.data.room.ContactsDao_Impl$2
 com.evgeny_m.postman.data.room.ContactsDao_Impl$3
 com.evgeny_m.postman.data.room.ContactsDao_Impl$4
 com.evgeny_m.postman.data.room.ContactsDao_Impl$5
com/evgeny_m/postman/databinding/FragmentChatsBinding.java
 com.evgeny_m.postman.databinding.FragmentChatsBinding
com/evgeny_m/postman/databinding/FragmentPhotoEditorBinding.java
 com.evgeny_m.postman.databinding.FragmentPhotoEditorBinding
com/evgeny_m/postman/databinding/FragmentContactsBinding.java
 com.evgeny_m.postman.databinding.FragmentContactsBinding
com/evgeny_m/postman/data/room/ContactsDatabase_Impl.java
 com.evgeny_m.postman.data.room.ContactsDatabase_Impl
 com.evgeny_m.postman.data.room.ContactsDatabase_Impl$1
com/evgeny_m/postman/databinding/ItemMessageBinding.java
 com.evgeny_m.postman.databinding.ItemMessageBinding
com/evgeny_m/postman/databinding/FragmentNavigationBinding.java
 com.evgeny_m.postman.databinding.FragmentNavigationBinding
com/evgeny_m/postman/databinding/BottomSheetBinding.java
 com.evgeny_m.postman.databinding.BottomSheetBinding
com/evgeny_m/postman/data/room/UserDao_Impl.java
 com.evgeny_m.postman.data.room.UserDao_Impl
 com.evgeny_m.postman.data.room.UserDao_Impl$1
 com.evgeny_m.postman.data.room.UserDao_Impl$2
 com.evgeny_m.postman.data.room.UserDao_Impl$3
 com.evgeny_m.postman.data.room.UserDao_Impl$4
 com.evgeny_m.postman.data.room.UserDao_Impl$5
 com.evgeny_m.postman.data.room.UserDao_Impl$6
 com.evgeny_m.postman.data.room.UserDao_Impl$7
com/evgeny_m/postman/databinding/FragmentRegistrationBinding.java
 com.evgeny_m.postman.databinding.FragmentRegistrationBinding
com/evgeny_m/postman/databinding/FragmentChangeUserNameBinding.java
 com.evgeny_m.postman.databinding.FragmentChangeUserNameBinding
com/evgeny_m/postman/databinding/NavContentBinding.java
 com.evgeny_m.postman.databinding.NavContentBinding
com/evgeny_m/postman/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.evgeny_m.postman.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/evgeny_m/postman/databinding/FragmentChangeUserFullNameBinding.java
 com.evgeny_m.postman.databinding.FragmentChangeUserFullNameBinding
com/evgeny_m/postman/databinding/ItemPhotoBinding.java
 com.evgeny_m.postman.databinding.ItemPhotoBinding
com/evgeny_m/postman/BuildConfig.java
 com.evgeny_m.postman.BuildConfig
com/evgeny_m/postman/databinding/FragmentSplashBinding.java
 com.evgeny_m.postman.databinding.FragmentSplashBinding
com/evgeny_m/postman/databinding/AccountSettingsBinding.java
 com.evgeny_m.postman.databinding.AccountSettingsBinding
com/evgeny_m/postman/databinding/FragmentContactDetailsBinding.java
 com.evgeny_m.postman.databinding.FragmentContactDetailsBinding
com/evgeny_m/postman/databinding/ItemContactBinding.java
 com.evgeny_m.postman.databinding.ItemContactBinding
